Query-1: Write a query that calculates the difference between the highest salaries found in the marketing and engineering departments. 
Output just the absolute difference in salaries.

ID: 10308

Solution:

with marketing as (
select department, max(salary) as salary
from db_employee as emp
join db_dept as dep
on emp.department_id = dep.id
where dep.department = "marketing"
group by dep.department 
), 

engineering as (
select department, max(salary) as salary
from db_employee as emp
join db_dept as dep
on emp.department_id = dep.id
where dep.department = "engineering"
group by dep.department 
)

select abs(mar.salary - eng.salary) as salary_difference
from marketing as mar, engineering as eng

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————


Query-2: Find the details of each customer regardless of whether the customer made an order. Output the customer's first name, last name, 
and the city along with the order details. You may have duplicate rows in your results due to a customer ordering several of the same items. 
Sort records based on the customer's first name and the order details in ascending order.

ID: 9891

Solution:

select 
    c.first_name, 
    c.last_name, 
    c.city , 
    o.order_details
from
    customers as c
left join
    orders as o on c.id = o.cust_id
order by 
    c.first_name ,  o.order_details;


————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

Query-3: You have been asked to find the job titles of the highest-paid employees.
Your output should include the highest-paid title or multiple titles with the same salary.


ID: 10353

Solution:

select worker_title, salary
from title as t 
join worker as w on t.worker_ref_id = w.worker_id
where w.salary = (select max(salary) from worker)

