Query-1: Meta/Facebook has developed a new programing language called Hack.To measure the popularity of Hack they ran a survey with their employees. The survey included data on previous programing familiarity as well as the number of years of experience, age, gender and most importantly satisfaction with Hack. Due to an error location data was not collected, but your supervisor demands a report showing average popularity of Hack by office location. Luckily the user IDs of employees completing the surveys were stored.
Based on the above, find the average popularity of the Hack per office location.
Output the location along with the average popularity.

ID: 10061

Solution:

SELECT fb_emp.age, 
       fb_emp.gender, 
       fb_emp.location, 
       AVG(fb_hack_survey.popularity)
   
FROM facebook_employees AS fb_emp

join facebook_hack_survey AS fb_hack_survey 
ON fb_emp.id = fb_hack_survey.employee_id

GROUP BY fb_emp.location

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————


Query-2: Find all posts which were reacted to with a heart. For such posts output all columns from facebook_posts table.

ID: 10087

Solution:

SELECT DISTINCT fb_posts.*

FROM facebook_posts AS fb_posts

JOIN facebook_reactions AS fb_reactions
ON fb_reactions.poster = fb_posts.post_id

WHERE fb_reactions.reaction = "heart"

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

Query-3: Find the date with the highest total energy consumption from the Meta/Facebook data centers. Output the date along with the total energy consumption across all data centers.

ID: 10064

Solution:

WITH world AS (

SELECT * FROM fb_eu_energy 
UNION ALL 

SELECT * FROM fb_asia_energy
UNION ALL 

SELECT * FROM fb_na_energy)

SELECT date, SUM(consumption) AS total_consumption FROM world GROUP BY date ORDER BY total_consumption DESC LIMIT 2;

